# Employee Mangement System

## Assumptions
1. Fetch User infomation from mock folder, it may from other dynamic sources
2. API call are using beeceptor free account, observed only 50 calls available per day. So to avoid over usage, employee data are mainly from stored API call stored in mock folder, since the data is unlikely to be changed in this task.
3. Since it is testing FE skills, recommanded API is being used, so some of the functions are not really implemented. Including:
    - uploaded csv format and content, FE can only check the file type and size, the details checking  should be checked at backend side
    - proper handling of edit/delete function, involves checking existance of record and return feedback
    - error handling structure are written in the code but commentted out, but it is easily to be implemented once we have proper API response structure

## Tools and framework used
1. Typescript is being used
2. scss is being used, instead of pure css as required. However, actually Styled-component is preferred.
3. Redux is not being used since it is a relatively simple project(only one page). EmployeesData/user Data/Filter/table props can be stored in store
4. Set mobile view cutting width to be 768px, it can be adjusted in styles/app.scss
5. Some common configurations are in setting/const, it may move to env file if needed.

### UI/UX
1. using mobile first approach for responsive design, User Panel, and filter bar is shown differently in size and layout. More changes can be added if required. Framework is already created.
2. Since every company has its own set of UI components and Icon library, the syntax are slightly different from each other, here I just use common html entity for those simple icons. They can be easily converted to customised UI libraries, such as fontAwesome/MaterialUI, etc...
3. Have some slight modification on the sample UI.
4. use 'rem' as units except borders
5. I know the color combination looks weird, as I really have poor sense towards visual art, please compromise the look and feel and focus on the contrast of the UI component. I will follow UX expert's wireframe to create better view.

### Function/API
1. Since the tasks is for FE, only sample API is used, proper response is yet to be completed for some API, but the addressing methods are indicated in the code
2. 

## To start up project
1. npm is required to run this project
2. clone the project, and run 'npm i' follow by 'npm start'
3. Test coverage can be generated by command "npm test -- --coverage", coverage is greater than 90% for now.

**_alternatively, I have deployed this page to github, you can visit this site [github page](https://bit-fan.github.io/nphc/) directly_**